# CS-305
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a consulting company that handles the finances of their customers which range from savings, retirements, investments and insurance. They are looking to improve their security software with the most current and best option in the market. They want to use their current system and update it with extra security measures. One of these ways is by adding secure communication to their web application to verify the files. Another way is by using a checksum process to data verification when they are transferring their data. They want to protect their customers data and their finances from possible breaches. 

What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
what I did well was running the checksum verification and creating a dependency check to identify these vulnerabilites. The Maven- Dependency check helped me understand what issues the code had and what to do to make sure these issues are resolved. It is important to code securely because of the company's overall trust and performance to keep customers data secure and data integrity in tact. It makes sure we are keeping up with Industry Standards and helps reduce the risk of any possible financial hardships like lawsuits and legal issues against the company. The value that software security adds to a company's overall well-being is the longevity and reliance to keep customer's information safe and keeping them happy with a new era of modern technology. It helps to make sure that the website application is running properly and that the customers would be able to utilize it at any time, besides during scheduled maintenance. Keeping up with updated software is crucial and should continue to get better from each version. 

Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
The part that was challenging for the assessment was trying to go through any possible false positives from the report and making sure they were identified and suppressed from the file. There were also the cases of some vulnerabilities that were outdated, meaning that we had to use an update version to not have this issue anymore. The overall report was very helpful to understand what areas needed to be identified for fixing and adjusting. Following industry standards helps to understand what needs to be done in the real world to identify the security measures and being consistent with what needs to be done each time.

How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
The way I increased layers of security was by adding HTTPS to create a secure form of communication between the web application and the software. This is to help with the data transfer and secure the SSL certificate. I used a strong algorithm like SHA 384 to help with the data integrity verification and making sure the data does not get compromised. I updated the coding files to make sure they are able to communicate with each other effectively and I am able to run the checksum reports. I would continue to use Maven-dependency checks for vulnerabilities because I like how it has a detailed report of what was identified with the scan. The checksum was also good because it identifies if a secure connection is established or not. 

How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I ran the code a few times to make sure they ran succesfully each time. I would close the program and website and reopen them to make sure that their was no issue when generating the reports and coding. I compared both reports to make sure that no new vulnerabilities were introduced and I made sure that they were up to industry standards. 

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The resources, tools, and coding practices that I would use in future assignments are the OWASP Dependency Check, Java Keytool, Spring app, SHA- 256 or SHA - 384 and NIST guidelines. 

Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
What I will show employers with this assignment is documenting my security practices onto a software and showcasing my thought process for my choice of these security implementations. I hope it shows that I effectively implemented these code practices and hopefully shows I can continue to learn and improve upon my work for them. It will hopefully show that I can use multiple applications to run vulnerability assessments and use multiple coding files that communicate with each other effectively and correctly. 
